{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green88\blue157;\red38\green38\blue38;\red20\green95\blue205;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \'a0I'm gonna create an app for "favorite video games"
\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf3 Requirements
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs30 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create your own logo for this app (You can use {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://textcraft.net/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 http://textcraft.net/}} if desired)\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The main screen/view controller will show a list of your favorite movies\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Each Table Cell will show an image with rounded corners, a title, a description of why you like the movie, and a link to the movie on IMDB\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When you click a list item it will take you to the details view controller\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The details view controller:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Will show a bigger image of your favorite movie, your title, your description, the imdb link, and an additional field that shows the plot of the movie as provided by IMDB\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Will have a back button\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The fields on this screen are not editable\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
There will be an "Add" or "+" button on the main screen that allows you to add a new favorite movie\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The new favorite movie screen/view controller:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Will allow the user to enter a title, a description, the IMDB url, the IMDB plot description, and an image\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
It will have a save button to save the movie\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
It will have a cancel button to take you back to the main screen\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When you add a new movie it shows up instantly on the list on the main screen\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You can choose between NSUserDefaults or Core Data to store your data\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Submit the finished app to Github\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Post screenshots/github links of finished work here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://community.devslopes.com/category/25/student-showcase-post-your-apps-here"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 http://community.devslopes.com/category/25/student...}}\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Make sure to use colors and style your app\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Here are some links for design inspiration:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.pinterest.com/johnpozy/ios-app-design-inspiration/"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://www.pinterest.com/johnpozy/ios-app-design-...}}\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.pinterest.com/uipalette/ios-7-app-design/"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://www.pinterest.com/uipalette/ios-7-app-desi...}}\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.materialup.com/"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
http://www.materialup.com/}}\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
http://www.imdb.com/search/title?genres=action&sort=moviemeter,asc&title_type=game\
http://www.mobygames.com\
\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 1. First question that appeared - how to segue to a new view controller after tapping a tableView cell. \
It was simple - just Control+drag from tableViewCell element to a new viewController and choose "show". \
\
2. What if content that a user will enter will exceed our text fields. Because of that - we should put a scroll view to both "add new game" and "detailedVC "\
Now, how should we specify " scrollView.contentSize " ? \
How can it be calculated based on the length of the enetered content? \
Will not do anything yet. \
\
Main Layout is ready. (Except WKWebViews (watch videos))\
Ready to start with CoreData, ViewController classes, tableViewCell class. \
(watch videos)\
\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \strike \strikec0 3. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strike0\striked0 I should changed the test of text fields - they are hard to see. \
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \strike \strikec0 4.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strike0\striked0  Also, change number of lines, see if that will correct the bug with long names. \
can't change the number of lines. Should I use text view instead? \
\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \strike \strikec0 5. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strike0\striked0 I still have to work on the detailed View controller, to present that information from the table view cell. \
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \strike \strikec0 6. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strike0\striked0 Clip the "add game" button to be with round corners, as well as "website" and "more" buttons. \
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \strike \strikec0 7. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strike0\striked0 Segue from cell doesn't work (after we've reconnected it not from the cell but from the view controller itself) - worked after me changing from "didSelectItemAtIndexPath" to "didSelectRowAtIndexPath"\
but now, when i click on one cell - nothing happens. And I can click many times. The View appears only when i click on the second cell. \
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \strike \strikec0 8. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strike0\striked0 When the Label gets populated it gets stretched horizontally / not vertically. \
9. Implement the website buttons - WKWebView\
\
For the webViews we created a separate VC. \
We have to pass data from videoGame object somehow to our new WebView. \
We can pass that object as methods argument. \
But what code is actually happening in the "buttonPressed" methods? - (going to check it in my Military school app)...\
\
Need to understand how much happens in the buttons VC and in the web VC. \
So in the buttons VC - nothing happens - even no "btnPressed" methods. Buttons are simply connected to the WebView and everything is already happens there. \
\
I must create 1 webView, and the button method should pass the videoGame object with its link property.\
When the button is pressed, we will "performSegueWithIdentifier" where will pass the videoGame object with its links. \
Before we might use "prepareForSegue" method. We would grab an instance of videoGame from the DitailedVC and pass it to the webView. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Maybe I don't even need to "prepareForSegue" because there is no need to pass "videoGame" object to the webView. \
Will try to build URLs right in the button's functions. \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
videoGame.offLink\
videoGame.mgLink \
\
How to pass the "loadRequest" value to the WebViewVC ? \
We need "webView.loadRequest(request)"\
But we can't access webView from DetailedGameVC. \
\
Maybe we can create an instance of WebViewVC in our DetailedGameVC and say \
"webViewVC.webView.loadRequest(request)"\
\
or, inside WebViewVC somehow pass the value of the request/ or "videoGame" itself. \
(for that, uncomment the "prepareForSegue" where we actually set videoGame of webViewVC)\
\
I should connect viewController to the webView, instead of from buttons. But then I have to call segues differently. And then weird shit in "prepareForSegue"\
googling: how to have multiple buttons into one webView. \
\
try with one segue / one wevView. First to fix storyboard issue. \
- tried. Same. videoGame object is not being passed/  \
Misstake is either in "prepareForSegue" or in storyboard. \
\
found smth: in main VC when the button is clicked, we perform segue with "sender: videoGame"... \
in our DetailedVC we also use "sender: videoGame"\
\
try to pass "sender:videoGame.offLink"\
\
Worked. \
Changes that I've made: \
\'96 In storyboard made connection from the viewController itself instead of from the button. \
\'96 changed from "@IBAction offWebBtn (videoGame: VideoGame)" to "...(sender: AnyObject)" \
- changed from "perform....(.... , sender: videoGame)" thinking that we are taking it from IBAction argument, to "....(.., sender: videoGame1)"\
-  in "prepareForSegue" took out the creation of a variable based on sender. because in our case, we already had it. \
\
Now, need to make the second button to work. \
\
Tried adding back both segues in storyboard, giving them identifiers, but that resulted in a crash. \
Reverted back to one segue. \
Deleted "performSegue" from code completely, made made the connection on storyboard. Works. \
\
Now, for some reason we get a mistake when pressing the second button (first works). \
After checking with "print" statements, info gets passed, but the error still says that there is "nil".\
My guess - smth is with storyboard. \
\
\
\
\
\
}